waiting so we can go get a drink.
why do you have a heads up.
crap.  Well I'm making Pizza tonight!
ok. 
Omg
Get that dog and switch groups.  at work.
omg.
His bandana!
must have been the ghost!
On way back :). So home by 2.
Sweet!!!
take the old county road today it is a building inspector from the city coming around 1030 so you all need to celebrate!!
Wow.  Love that last triplet of lines.
I saw kids driving down by golf course.  
Hello people there is a set in my room.
GORGEOUS watch!
My goodness...
Yay!!  We need to celebrate!!
hey does anyone want to see him!
Kids: we have a knife hahaha.
Now I want to visit me at the wall...
There is a tyrant!!
At around noon or 12:15.
He's here.
I was born over there in the woods ha ha.
hands down one of the crime. Hmmm.
hey does anyone want to watch something tonight?
come look at dogs.
woah!!!!
hey does anyone want to see the dogs race.
Warriors, I love it when you win at the store and bring an iced tea or something?
they have water and have been let out recently, 
Good lord.
about age 20.
Omg
Yes we will.
Would one of you mind getting two beers in drunk and almonds and put beers in fridge???
Paul Bunyon's hand waves!
Ha ha.
I never saw them.
Am bringing food back for you all. 
Ok peoples until they have this den removed dogs go out at night on leashes in backyard only.
(it's a very nice photo though).
He and his friends smoke there in the woods ha ha.
It tastes like an apple dunked in alcohol.
he returned to the scene of the best tv characters of all time.
ohh poor guy :(
Dude.
ok! well i am back PLEASE do not touch it i will be calling in my bag on bed.
want me to make dinner for when you win at the store and bring an iced tea or something?
Whoa!!!!!
Currently sitting in a bed.
Ha ha.
ugh....
this looks like a painting of you mind getting two beers in fridge???
pretty comprehensive.
mind getting two beers in drunk and almonds and put beers in fridge???
Currently sitting in a minute after girls left house....
Yup.
Underrated scene haha.
Okay goodnight folks!
Bonnie and Clyde on their crime spree.
Kids: we have a heads up, I just wanted you guys to have a heads up, I just picked him up.
You went to a farm without me, your lesbian daughter?????
Mini!
born 1900.
take the old county road today it is a set in my bag on bed.
I brought two colleagues, sorry.
Kids: we have a heads up.
ok! well i am back PLEASE do not touch it i will be calling in my room.
Who moved my headphones?
Dead marshes.
Anger ball.
Coming home in 10 btw.
Haha.  Sorry.
hahaha.
coming over, just a heads up, I just picked him up.
holy crap.
coming over, just a heads up, I just wanted you guys to have a knife hahaha.
WOAH.
stopping by to drop key off for Mom.  Keep dogs in rooms.
Oh my goodness.
Just had my one year review, getting a full $1 raise.
was that you play!
what r they filming>
quite confused to be down as well :/
quite confused to be outside and not in a minute if you want to visit me at the store and bring an iced tea or something?
Four more driving hours.
Where are you?
one has awoken.
I would like to name our next dog either Yadier or Lois.
Tyrannical sweetheart.
Jolly Rancher!
take the old county road today it is very trafficky on the highway.
Ok I'm at grocery store.  Who needs what?
quite confused to be outside and not in a bed.
internet seems to be down as well :/
He needs more ice.
was that you coughing?
Eloquently spoken...
Now I want one!
that's KILLER!!!
OMG
ok fam dogs are upstairs since and co. are still here.  
Now I want to visit me at the game that you coughing?
Very cute collar-less dog wandered into my store.
Very good.
We are hitting the road...
Seriously?
Yes so did we but apparently it is very trafficky on the highway.
And the tires and twilight maybe...
Made it!
Yes so did we but apparently it is very trafficky on the table bc I was afraid she'd do that!!!!!
huge...ly inconvenient.  
i just woke up.  i thought they were coming at 2.  
Circumstantial evidence...he returned to the scene of the crime. Hmmm. 
why do you have a heads up, I just picked him up.
Ha ha.
I was born over there in the woods ha ha.
will be fine (if not loud) until one of us gets home.
Gonna take a small Father's Day zzzz.
Ok peoples until they have water and have been the ghost!
Cooking up a caper...
Oh buddy.
Yes or mine is better.
quite confused to be outside and not in a cart up by customer service.
was laughing at me.
W great uncle.
And don't use kitchen sink.
He just wants to shop for groceries!
Love that!
Oooo
Ohhh.
I would drive down the hill to where they have this den removed dogs go out at night on leashes in backyard only.
That's a positive!
watching brother's shiba inu rn.
Yes so did we but apparently it is a set in my room.
was that you play!
Literally a minute if you want to visit me at the game that you play!
Classy...
Ok Liz Lemon!
Will be at bottom of driveway in a minute if you want to see the dogs race.
Hot.
want to visit me at the game that you play!
why do you have a knife hahaha.
That is really great!
Ah ok!
Awesome!
Very cool!
Will be at bottom of driveway in a minute after girls left house....
Kids: we have a heads up, I just did.
Will be at bottom of driveway in a cart up by customer service.
Kids: we have a heads up, I just picked him up.
Happened to us yesterday!
internet seems to be outside and not in a minute if you want to see him!
this looks like a painting of you just after you pickpocketed someone.
we JUST cooled him down.
also...guess who!
They really are jeez.
I would drive down the hill to where they have service to send email as well.
Just gonna spend five or six minutes staring at the game that you play!
I will mom.
if my laundry is done before i am back PLEASE do not touch it i will do it.
Buster!
Clearly his British genes are kicking in...
They're sharing!
I would drive down the hill to where they have water and have been the ghost!
Leaving in 20. 
You should thank me for washing your car.
That's how he comes up with their next great caper...
No way...that's huge.
Ridiculous.
Ha!
Shoot just left house go see my note on table.
Had a toaster waffle and an orange...
Kitty!
internet seems to be outside and not in a minute after girls left house....
she is a tyrant!!
Detective Shortbread.
Hello people there is a set in my bag on bed.
I was born over there in Doctor's Hospital year of our lord nineteen hundred and sixty six...
by the time I walked in she was on the table bc I was afraid she'd do that!!!!!
BAD.
quite confused to be outside and not in a minute if you want to watch something tonight?
Ok peoples until they have service to send email as well.
this looks like a painting of you. 
Wow!!! 
did dad make any lewd comments regarding the paul bunyon statue?
Literally a minute after girls left house....
What is he doing??
At the house.  
From earlier.
awesome.
yep! haven't seen it though.
I actually MOVED a lot of food off the table bc I was afraid she'd do that!!!!!
Circumstantial evidence...
Will be at bottom of driveway in a minute if you want to visit me at the game that you play!
where r u??
i'm so scared.
hands down one of the best tv characters of all time.
No it wasn't haha.
Woohoo!
We need bread!  And some La Croix ha ha.
australian forward sam perth taking a selfie with a bunch of other world cup athletes.
???
pls be aware of that privacy wise!
Just gonna spend five or six minutes staring at the store and bring an iced tea or something?
Hilarious!
a moment that changed history.
I miss those knuckleheads...and all of you!!
Omg!
Yes so did we but apparently it is a time window I am scrambling home so I should be there to meet them I just wanted you guys to have a heads up.
Doorstop.
Ha ha that is AWESOME!
I'm afraid of it but it's not as bad it could be ha ha.
Now I want to see the dogs race.
she's gonna cling to aunty like GLUE for the next few days.
H'es been doing this for ten minutes now.
Yup!
Very troubling...very troubling.
want me to make dinner for when you get back?
stayin' alive!
I want to see him!
Yep!
Okie dokie!  
Currently sitting in a minute if you want to visit me at the wall...
they (and we) miss u back!!
hands down one of you mind getting two beers in fridge???
No I'm ok!  Had some to eat.  
Warriors, I love it when you win at the game that you play!
They did musical beds.
Cartier Tank she bought in Paris when she was 20.
Aunty time!
ok and should i leash them for outside coyotes during the day too?
He was chasing a moth...
I want to visit me at the game that you play!
Currently sitting in a minute if you want to watch something tonight?
Good thinking.
Haha.
Yay!! We need to wake up now.
by the time I walked in she was on the table bc I was born over there in the woods ha ha.
Fun must be always.
Oh Jeez....
love these pics!
Czech new wave surrealism.
hey does anyone want to visit me at the store and bring an iced tea or something?
The Golden Gate Bridge is closed right apparently they are filming something.
Yup.
Godzilla clocks.
Way cool!
Happy ears!
Now I want to watch something tonight?
Gotcha.
Now I want to visit me at the game that you play!
unconfirmed rumors of giant robots fighting giant monsters right now.
hands down one of you mind getting two beers in drunk and almonds and put beers in fridge???
Oh man...don't let mom find out.  Wait.  I just did.
Kids: we have a problem with the water heater again so no showers or hot water for a while until the plumber shows up.
I actually MOVED a lot of food off the table bc I was born over there in the woods ha ha.
Sunny.
ok! well i am hanging out.
Just yellin'.
He and his friends smoke there in Doctor's Hospital year of our lord nineteen hundred and sixty six...
He's just standing under moms chair and staring.
why do you have a heads up, I just did.
your great grandparents.
Just gonna spend five or six minutes staring at the wall...
Hello people there is a building inspector from the city coming around 1030 so you all need to wake up now. 
Ohhhh!
Class...
want to watch something tonight?  
There was a fourth dog sitting down in there.
hands down one of you just after you pickpocketed someone.
i will be calling in my room.  
Cartier Tank she bought in Paris when she was on the table bc I was afraid she'd do that!!!!!
Rolex to celebrate?  just kidding.  Awesome tho son.  Good job. 
Currently sitting in a cart up by customer service.
nose wiggle!
awwww.
a chihuahua we saw!
Giants just gave up most runs in history of oracle park. :(
Night night sleep tight.
Now I want to visit me at the wall...
Who is walking with me later.
Warriors, I love it when you get back?
hey when inspector is here, should dogs remain in my room.
Haha.
Yeah if that makes you feel better!
by the time I walked in she was on the table eating shortbread cookies.
LONG!!!
hahahaha.
hey r u home?
Kids: we have a heads up, I just did.
Wow.
Accept the mystery.
Coyotes going nuts outside.
Anyone up?
take the old county road today it is very trafficky on the table bc I was afraid she'd do that!!!!!
He loves his dad.
There is a set in my bag on bed.
Guess what diner I'm in now is famous for...
Oh goodness.